problem, two PV inverters POW-HVM6.2K-48V-LIP, in single mode, using as L1 and L2, i dont have use for three phases system anyway, every inverter have theirs PV panel string 2.75kW, one south, one west facing.
one BMS JK Smart BMS 16S PB2A16S20P 200A, 16s 320AH battery.
problem is, how to connect bnoth pv inverters to one battery, both of them are working as MASTER, and have their identifier. i cna connect both to one battery, cuz thei will get wrong ansewers from JK BMS.
I want to make some proxy/ router, that will accept message from PV inverter, pass it to battery, nad return response to correct pv inverter. Do not mix messages between inverters.
also , battery can rise unexpected alarms, etc, send messages, that must be passed to BOTH inverters, their responses may require docoding for identifier and pass message back only from first inverter. if battery sends back ack, to inverter, that message should be decoded and identifier changed to match each inverter identifier and passed to them.
Protocol, Pylontech ! i have pdf with latest v3.5 versions with all commands.
Hardware, esp32 s3 16R8. three galvanicly isolated (waveshare) RS485 to uart converter modules. Battery can communicate 115200 and 9600 baudrate.
inverters have strictly only 9600 baudrate. i guess battery speed can be exploited.
I want to create GitHub lib for esphhome, to se data from battery, they should be catched from transfer buffer. if it can be decoded from pdf pass raw message, wait for response and pass it to pv inverter, not to both inverters , opnly to one, who asked message. and log message with raw data to log.

Something i expect inside, correct me if you have better idea,  uart conections, buffers, querry for messages, logic for requesting to pass message and waiting for response from device. and pass it back to device who asked question. 
Periodicaly looking into buffers, and if there is message to be decoded, pass data to HA, this is purely secondary, only informative. only READ. for start wont be bad to see only what battery sending back, as data.
logicd for, if both inverters asked same question, dont bombard battery with same request, withim some time, for second request we can take data from buffers and only change identier to mach identifier of second requester. but, we can reuse OLD data forewer. if example first inverter asked battery about voltages, and second inverter asked same q withim some timeframe. we dont need to send same request to battery (again 115200 baud to battery may be possible to send duplicities, but i dont wwant to go that way if nmot neccesary) logic will look in datastamp in that buffer, and if it is fresh enough, take data, construct message back with changed identifier for second inverter.  if message is old, pass it to battery, to take new data. 